She advised him to go there alone, but he didn't think that was good advice.
She called to tell me that her husband would be out of town for the weekend.
Since the Industrial Revolution, the world population has more than tripled.
Since the accident, Tom has given up hope of becoming a professional dancer.
Some children resort to suicide in order to escape from unbearable pressure.
The Normans' conquest of England had a great effect on the English language.
The fire brigade was on the scene within five minutes of receiving the call.
The girl was carrying several books, not textbooks but thick hardback books.
The machine was too complicated for us to find out the cause of the trouble.
The most valuable skill one can acquire is the ability to think for oneself.
The only reason Tom went to the party was that he expected Mary to be there.
The president called on the people to unite in fighting poverty and disease.
The statue of Hachiko, the faithful dog, stands in front of Shibuya Station.
The two gunshot victims are in the intensive care unit at a nearby hospital.
This old building isn't worth fixing up. It would be better to tear it down.
This paragraph is well written, but there is a mistake in the last sentence.
Tires wear down because of friction between the rubber and the road surface.
To the best of my knowledge, this chemical will prevent germs from breeding.
Tom eats mostly fruits and vegetables, and only eats meat about once a week.
Tom is still wearing his wedding ring, even though he's not married anymore.
Tom must've realized it was a rhetorical question, because he didn't answer.
Tom wouldn't let me call an ambulance so I drove him to the hospital myself.
Whatever happened to acid rain? You don't hear about it in the news anymore.
When applying to American universities, your TOEFL score is only one factor.
When we got home last night, the others were already in bed and fast asleep.
When your stomach is busy, digesting a big meal your brain takes a vacation.
Why don't you hang around a while after everyone else leaves so we can talk?
Why don't you hang around a while after everyone else leaves so we can talk?
With all your money, you should be able to buy just about anything you want.
You have to read between the lines to know the true intention of the author.
You have to read between the lines to know the true intention of the author.
You should assume that we won't have enough money to buy everything we want.
You should have known better than to go out in the rain without an umbrella.
"How about a cup of coffee?" "I'd like to, but I have a previous engagement."
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.
According to some scholars, a major earthquake could occur at any moment now.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
Are you aware you're being named in a lawsuit against the federal government?
Could you please reschedule the meeting at a time that is convenient for you?
Could you please reschedule the meeting at a time that is convenient for you?
Do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received.
During my early teens, I was not always on the best of terms with my parents.
Greater demand for high-quality coffee has helped drive coffee prices higher.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
He can compress the most words into the smallest ideas of any man I ever met.
Hikers need to carry a compass with them to find their way through the woods.
His family circumstances were such that he became a teacher out of necessity.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much I try.
I entered the museum through the wrong gate. I should have been more careful.
I had to cancel that order because we didn't have enough money to pay for it.
I have something that belongs to you. Why don't you come over and pick it up?
I managed to catch the 8 o'clock train by running all the way to the station.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be able to meet so many famous people.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be singled out for a full body search.
I saw you out here by yourself and thought you might like someone to talk to.
I saw you out here by yourself and thought you might like someone to talk to.
I saw you out here by yourself and thought you might like someone to talk to.
I saw you out here by yourself and thought you might like someone to talk to.
I used to use Twitter, but then found it a bit boring, so I stopped using it.
I want each of you to take out a piece of paper and write down what happened.
I want each of you to take out a piece of paper and write down what happened.
I want each of you to take out a piece of paper and write down what happened.
I was unwilling to agree to the proposal, but it seemed that I had no choice.
I've heard that you can kill werewolves by shooting them with silver bullets.
I've heard that you can kill werewolves by shooting them with silver bullets.
If for some reason a man stopped thinking, that man would no longer be a man.
If it had not been for your raincoat, I would have been drenched to the skin.
If there's anything at all that you don't understand, you can ask me anytime.
If you are not satisfied with your share, I'll make it a bit more attractive.
If you are not satisfied with your share, I'll make it a bit more attractive.
If you eat three square meals a day, your body will have the energy it needs.
If you eat three square meals a day, your body will have the energy it needs.
If you eat three square meals a day, your body will have the energy it needs.
If you eat three square meals a day, your body will have the energy it needs.
If you want something done right, sometimes you've just gotta do it yourself.
If you want to master a foreign language, you must study as much as possible.
In the U.S., it is common for people to write a check instead of paying cash.
It would be nice if you had a wedge of lime I could squeeze into my icewater.
It's so hot outside that I want to spend all day in my air conditioned house.
It's so hot outside that I want to spend all day in my air conditioned house.
Last year, incomes rose for all races, all age groups, for men and for women.
Millions of people across the world are mourning the death of Nelson Mandela.
My bonus doesn't come close to covering all the loan payments I have to make.
My father believed that anyone who could not make a living in Japan was lazy.
My friend has had three jobs in a year; he never sticks to anything for long.
My grandfather on my mother's side is celebrating his 60th birthday tomorrow.
No matter how hard you may study, you cannot master English in a year or two.
No matter how hard you may study, you cannot master English in a year or two.
Of course, recognizing our common humanity is only the beginning of our task.
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.
Schools are expected to meet the needs of every child, regardless of ability.
Should you require further information, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Somebody told me that today's test was identical to the one we had last year.
That accident is a very good example of what happens when you're not careful.
That accident is a very good example of what happens when you're not careful.
The Royal Shakespeare Company is presenting The Merchant of Venice next week.
The heat turns off automatically when the room reaches a certain temperature.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part.
The population of London is much greater than that of any other British city.
There is an urgent need for a more effective method of treating this disease.
There was a suggestion that the general meeting should take place in October.
This book is written in simple English, so it should be easy for you to read.
This is what is called a 'present' in some countries and 'bribery' in others.
Three out of four Americans believe in the existence of paranormal phenomena.
Through his own efforts and a bit of luck, he won first prize in the contest.
Tickets are valid for just two days, including the day they are purchased on.
Tickets are valid for just two days, including the day they are purchased on.
Tom doesn't think it'll rain, but he plans to carry an umbrella just in case.
Tom said Mary was tempted to eat the last piece of cake, but left it for him.
Tom said that he wanted to be alone and then he went upstairs to his bedroom.
Tom won't be able to do it by himself, so we need to ask someone to help him.
Washing your hands regularly is a good way to prevent catching some diseases.
We keep having the same old problem of people not paying their bills on time.
What happened to that friend of yours that you introduced me to last weekend?
What happened to that friend of yours that you introduced me to last weekend?
What they said to you is exactly the opposite of what they told me yesterday.
Why is it so hard for people to understand that I just want to be left alone?
Would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second?
Would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second?
Would you please stop pacing around like that and just sit down for a second?
You need to stop complaining all the time about things that can't be changed.
You're the only person I know besides me who really understands this problem.
As F. Scott Fitzgerald famously noted, the rich are different from you and me.
As a rule of thumb, you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests.
Because her parents got divorced, the girl had little contact with her father.
Because of the poor harvest, wheat prices have gone up in the last six months.
Cucumbers, spinach, broccoli and onions are considered non-starchy vegetables.
He had been working in the factory for three years when the accident occurred.
He made it known to his friends that he was unwilling to run for the election.
His speech went on for such a long time that some people began to fall asleep.
I can't figure out how to transfer MP3 files from my iPod back to my computer.
I might have done well on yesterday's test, but I do not know the results yet.
I remember when we used to never eat vegetables that we didn't grow ourselves.
I want to apologize to you for calling you a jerk in front of your girlfriend.
I want to apologize to you for calling you a jerk in front of your girlfriend.
I was the last one to start in the race, but I soon caught up with the others.
I'll let you off this time, but I don't ever want to catch you stealing again.
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to be here for you like I should have been.
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to be here for you like I should have been.
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to be here for you like I should have been.
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to be here for you like I should have been.
I'm the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I'm bad at speech making.
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
If Tom had been wearing his seat belt, he wouldn't have been injured so badly.
If you eat a light lunch, you're likely to avoid a mid-afternoon energy slump.
If you eat a light lunch, you're likely to avoid a mid-afternoon energy slump.
If you want to get elected, you're going to have to improve your public image.
In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling.
In the automotive industry of the 1970's, Japan beat the U.S. at its own game.
In this course, we'll spend time helping you sound more like a native speaker.
Laser printers are generally less expensive to maintain than ink jet printers.
No sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction.
Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.
People often refer to themselves in the third person when talking to children.
Please boil the eggs just a little so that even the whites are not quite hard.
Some parents complained about the nude pictures in their children's textbooks.
The ambulance went out of control and came close to running over a pedestrian.
They say that girls spend more time worrying about how they look than boys do.
Tom knew deep down that it was all his fault, but he wasn't about to admit it.
Tom made a promise to himself that he would never make the same mistake again.
Tom made a promise to himself that he would never make the same mistake again.
Tom never admits that he's wrong, because he thinks that's a sign of weakness.
Would you please send me details of your products via e-mail as an attachment?
You could at least try to be a bit more polite, even though it's not like you.
You could at least try to be a bit more polite, even though it's not like you.
You may not agree with him, but at least he stands up for what he believes in.
You may not agree with him, but at least he stands up for what he believes in.
You say you want to go to Boston? Why in the world would you want to go there?
"Who will be coming to the party?" "A few friends and four or five colleagues."
A man with a watch knows what time it is, a man with two watches is never sure.
According to the weather forecast, the typhoon is likely to approach the coast.
As for me, I am not satisfied with the result of the examination the other day.
By the way, did you have any spare time to go sightseeing while you were there?
By the way, did you have any spare time to go sightseeing while you were there?
Charles Lindbergh made the first solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
Even after twelve months, Tom can't accept that it's over between him and Mary.
Given her interest in children, I am sure teaching is the right career for her.
He argues that the administration must look for alternative sources of revenue.
He stayed in his hotel most of the next day, talking to friends and supporters.
I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
I don't object to your going out to work, but who will look after the children?
I got it through my head that my parent's strict rules were for my own benefit.
I have a bottle of very good wine that I've been saving for a special occasion.
I have been taking ballet lessons since I was three and hope to be a ballerina.
I intended to go straight back home, but I sort of wandered inside a bookstore.
I just don't understand what goes through the minds of people who troll forums.
I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
I like this picture, not because it is a masterpiece, but because it has charm.
I realize the effort you have put into this project and I really appreciate it.
I realized that I didn't want to spend any more time dealing with that problem.
I remember it as if it were yesterday, but in reality it was fifteen years ago.
I returned the books I borrowed from the library, and I borrowed some new ones.
I think someone stole all these things and planted them to make me look guilty.
I think what impressed me most was the way Tom could talk to just about anyone.
I want to be able to walk down this street without worrying about getting shot.
I wish I could take back all those terrible things I said about you last night.
I'm calling to see if you'd be interested in going to Boston with me next week.
If you forget to take your pills for one day, take two pills the following day.
If you forget to take your pills for one day, take two pills the following day.
Improved medical technology has been one of the spin-offs of the space program.
It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice.
It is always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents.
It seems like yesterday, but it's actually nearly ten years since we first met.
It'll take some time, but I think I'll be able to learn how to play the guitar.
Many people don't know that antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases.
Oh my gosh! You're the last person I expected to meet in a situation like this.
On behalf of the company, I would like to express our hearty thanks to you all.
Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday.
She got the money from him even though he said that he wouldn't give it to her.
She got the money from him even though he said that he wouldn't give it to her.
She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
She was always trying to provoke me into saying something I would regret later.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Suppressing one's romantic feelings is not the same as having no such feelings.
The little girl, deeply moved by the old man's pitiful story, burst into tears.
The removal of the load-bearing beam compromised the structure of the building.
The stock market crash of October 1987 in New York is still vividly remembered.
The whole company stood in silence for a few moments, as a tribute to the dead.
There are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn't appeared.
Those birds build their nests in the summer and fly to the south in the winter.
Those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized.
Tom and Mary went to a fancy restaurant to celebrate their wedding anniversary.
Tom converted about half of his yen into dollars and the other half into euros.
Tom thought that Mary wanted him to kiss her, but he wasn't sure, so he didn't.
Tom wanted to ask Mary how old she was, but he thought that maybe he shouldn't.
Tom was horrified when he noticed that his daughter had had her tongue pierced.
We found one large footprint and a couple of different size smaller footprints.
We found one large footprint and a couple of different size smaller footprints.
When my wife's friend comes to visit, I find it hard to get a word in edgeways.
Without a moment's hesitation, they took drastic action against the conspiracy.
You had better read your teacher's comments on your compositions one more time.
You'll never get ahead in this place unless you go through the proper channels.
You're speaking a little too fast for me. Would you speak a little more slowly?
"Just go in and tell the boss you want a raise." "That's easier said than done."
A good lawyer would leave no stone unturned in his efforts to defend his client.
Anything you could do in support of their effort would be very much appreciated.
As soon as the new teacher entered the classroom, the students began to applaud.
Car accidents are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the United States.
Do you think that any really smart person is inherently interested in languages?
Do you think that any really smart person is inherently interested in languages?
Having finished all her housework, she sat down on the sofa to watch television.
He believed that blacks could win their fight for equal rights without violence.
He says that he saw nothing. However, I don't believe what he says is the truth.
He soon grows tired of a thing regardless of how much he liked it to begin with.
How much time and energy do you spend on projects that don't make you any money?
How much time and energy do you spend on projects that don't make you any money?
I admit he's smart, but does he have to talk over everyone's heads all the time?
I discouraged him from going swimming since it looked like it was going to rain.
I tried Buddhist meditation once, but I fell asleep halfway through the session.
I've heard that it is best to always feed your dog at a specific time every day.
If he is in middle circumstances his clothes will be chosen chiefly for comfort.
If my house were a mansion, I would invite everyone I know to my birthday party.
If students today had more free time, they might show more interest in politics.
In the winter, I like to stay at home near the fire and listen to the wind blow.
It will be a great pleasure for me to translate the story and to read it to you.
It will be a great pleasure for me to translate the story and to read it to you.
Last night there was still snow on the ground, but this morning it's all melted.
My band will perform this week at Chuck's Bar and Grill. Please come and see us.
My teacher told me that I should have spent more time preparing my presentation.
People with rheumatoid arthritis symptoms should be careful about what they eat.
She is looking for a job where she can make use of her foreign language ability.
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.
Some people only get married to prevent their wives from marrying somebody else.
Something you should know about me is that I'm very much a country boy at heart.
Something you should know about me is that I'm very much a country boy at heart.
The athletes trained hard every day to be at their best for the Summer Olympics.
The bacteria that are transferred during a kiss help improve your immune system.
The bacteria that are transferred during a kiss help improve your immune system.
The boss spoke in a condescending tone when addressing the female staff members.
The buying and selling of peoples' personal information is becoming a big issue.
The citizens of this small community don't condone public displays of affection.
The hour-long concert at the Kennedy Center was broadcast live on TV last night.
The lock on my drawer had been tampered with and some of my papers were missing.
The more unique each person is, the more he contributes to the wisdom of others.
The part of an iceberg under the water is much larger than that above the water.
The part of an iceberg under the water is much larger than that above the water.
The press can't ignore us forever. Sooner or later, they'll do a story about us.
Tom and his children spent all afternoon looking for the perfect Christmas tree.
Tom returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to Mary.
Tom usually plays a drum solo at least once every time his band gives a concert.
We got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't need it anymore.
We got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't want it anymore.
While you are asleep, the bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls.
You should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive.
You should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive.
A good team is a group of individuals who work together to achieve a common goal.
According to my accountant, this isn't a good time to invest in the stock market.
All people can become friends, even if their languages and customs are different.
All the sheep were huddled together in the shade of the only tree in the paddock.
Anyone who can only think of one way to spell a word obviously lacks imagination.
By postponing what you have to do, you run the risk of never being able to do it.
Diplomatic relations have not yet been established between Japan and North Korea.
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
Eventually, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself.
Everyone was silent as the teacher was announcing the results of the examination.
Experts have failed to come up with an explanation of why the explosion happened.
He keeps his griefs, sorrows, ambitions and most of his real opinions to himself.
His dress is that of gentleman, but his speech and behavior are those of a clown.
His mother prevented him from going out because she was anxious about his health.
I didn't know the city, and what's more, I couldn't speak a word of the language.
I don't know if it will be fine tomorrow, but if it is fine we'll go on a picnic.
I have to be honest. I was a little bit nervous the first time I had an MRI scan.
I was just wondering if you have any experiences you would like to share with us.
I've had a slight sore throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
If everything goes according to plan, I should be back home again tomorrow night.
It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.
It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.
It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.
It goes without saying that it was supremely difficult to carry out this mission.
It is better to be a coward for five minutes than dead for the rest of your life.
My brother makes it a rule to look over the newspaper before going to his office.
Studies say that true happiness comes from giving back, not from material things.
Taking all things into consideration, I have made up my mind to give up the idea.
The ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father.
The average American living space is twice as large as the living space in Japan.
The changes resulting from the women's movement have affected both women and men.
The most essential thing in the world to any individual is to understand himself.
The radio warned us of the coming earthquake and we started gathering our things.
There are big differences in broadband speed and quality from country to country.
This experience will be invaluable as a way of improving the way I study English.
This monument is dedicated to the soldiers who gave their lives to their country.
Tom was normally very reliable and his absence from the meeting was inexplicable.
We cannot rule out the possibility that civil war will break out in that country.
We hope that you understand the difficult situation with which we are confronted.
We went to the theater early, so we could be sure that everyone could get a seat.
We went to the theater early, so we could be sure that everyone could get a seat.
What scared Tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again.
When Tom opened the door, he saw Mary standing there with a six-pack and a pizza.
Why would you want to share this type of information with people you hardly know?
Why would you want to share this type of information with people you hardly know?
"How much did you pay for this?" "About 20 euros." "Wow! That's incredibly cheap."
A few years ago, in San Francisco, a young woman came to us for vocational advice.
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
After reflecting on my life up to now, I decided that I needed to change my goals.
After spending hours out in the cold winter wind, my skin got all chapped and dry.
As is often the case with young men, he does not pay much attention to his health.
As is often the case with young men, he does not pay much attention to his health.
Because her parents got divorced, the girl had hardly any contact with her father.
Between 1820 and 1973, the United States admitted more than 46 million immigrants.
CEO's of American corporations are paid several times their Japanese counterparts.
Each chapter in the textbook is followed by about a dozen comprehension questions.
He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth, and shaved.
I discouraged him from going swimming because it looked like it was going to rain.
I don't know when the meeting started, but it started at least thirty minutes ago.
I figured you wouldn't want the teacher to know you hadn't done your homework yet.
I know what time you said to be there, but I wasn't able to be there at that time.
I know what time you said to be there, but I wasn't able to be there at that time.
I may not know a lot, but I do know that Tom doesn't know what he's talking about.
I met an old man who says that he's never eaten at a restaurant in his whole life.
I never for a moment imagined I'd be able to afford to live in such a fancy house.
I saw a red car and a white one. The red one was nicer looking than the white one.
If Cleopatra's nose had been shorter, the history of the world would be different.
If it had not been for your foolishness, we would never have been in that trouble.
If it had not been for your foolishness, we would never have been in that trouble.
If you listen to English programs on the radio, you can learn English for nothing.
If your schedule permits, let’s tentatively plan on meeting tomorrow at 2:00 pm.
It was obvious to everyone that the marriage would sooner or later end in divorce.
It's no wonder Tom's sleeping poorly; he drinks up to twelve cups of coffee a day.
Japan's foreign aid is decreasing in part because of an economic slowdown at home.
Manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole.
Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think that something like this would happen.
Of all the things Tom did last weekend, he says that windsurfing was the most fun.
Roger Miller was born on January 2, 1936 in the western city of Fort Worth, Texas.
The first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms.
The more time I spend doing this, the less time I have to do things I enjoy doing.
The policeman said that it looked like a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
The policeman said that it looked like a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
The search for alien life is one of humankind's greatest technological challenges.
The weather report said that it'll rain this afternoon, but I don't think it will.
There is so much pollution in New York that joggers often wear masks when running.
Three quarters of the country's inhabitants live below the official poverty level.
Tom certainly gave the impression that he wasn't planning on being there tomorrow.
What with good fortune, and his own effort, he won the first prize in the contest.
When I visited their apartment, the couple was right in the middle of an argument.
You may be able to pass unnoticed in a city, but in a village that's not possible.
As soon as I can get a decent video camera, I'll start making videos to put online.
At the time of the accident, almost all of the passengers on the bus were sleeping.
Experts say coffee prices are rising mainly because people are willing to pay more.
I can't tell you. It's a secret and if I told you, it wouldn't be a secret anymore.
I don't believe in astrology, but that doesn't mean that I don't read my horoscope.
I had a lot of gumption when I was young, but now it seems to have all petered out.
I have many friends who speak fluently, but still don't sound like native speakers.
I spend as much time working in the garden in one day as my brother does in a week.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I'm begging you, before freaking out on me listen to the end of what I have to say.
I'm thinking of going somewhere for a change of air, since my doctor advises me to.
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.
If you want to sell your old sofa, why not put an advertisement in the local paper?
If you want to sell your old sofa, why not put an advertisement in the local paper?
In our next class, we will study the days of the week, the months, and the seasons.
Industrialization had a great influence on the development of the economy in Japan.
It took some 150 years of struggling for women to gain the freedom they have today.
It used to be that people thought it was necessary to eat three square meals a day.
It was only much later that I came to understand the importance of child education.
It's the dynamic interaction between the characters that makes this novel so great.
Kissing one's spouse in public is considered acceptable behavior in some countries.
Now you've mentioned it, I remember coming here with my parents when I was a child.
Now you've mentioned it, I remember coming here with my parents when I was a child.
She got so carried away listening to the Beatles that she missed the date with him.
Sixty percent of Japanese adult males drink alcoholic beverages on a regular basis.
Some non-native speakers think they speak the language better than native speakers.
That's a funny thing about people like you, you don't want to get your hands dirty.
The cost of building the new hospital was considerably higher than first estimated.
The grenade blew up before the terrorist could throw it, and his arm was blown off!
The heart itself is nothing more nor less than a large, tough, leather-like muscle.
The more time you spend talking about what you do, the less time you have to do it.
The rescue workers are going to hand out supplies to the victims of the earthquake.
The restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her dogs.
The teacher wrote something on the blackboard, but it was too small for me to read.
There is an urgent need for understanding how climate change will affect our lives.
Tom and Mary know each other so well that they often finish each other's sentences.
Tom certainly had plenty of opportunities to go to concerts while he was in Boston.
We found a glitch in the program that will have to be dealt with before we move on.
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.
When I was in school, left-handed kids were forced to write with their right hands.
When he reached the station, the train had already left almost half an hour before.
A huge federal budget deficit has been plaguing the American economy for many years.
According to legend, those woods used to be haunted, so people would avoid entering.
Activist groups for the environment and food safety question the product’s safety.
After she lost her job, she couldn't afford to feed her dogs, so she gave them away.
All the houses in this neighborhood look so much alike that I can't tell them apart.
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.
He studied the scientists considered to be the most significant of the 19th century.
Her car might be more pleasant to drive, but it also costs her more for maintenance.
I know you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?
I know you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?
I suppose you want to ask me how I was able to make so much money in so little time.
I suppose you want to ask me how I was able to make so much money in so little time.
I suppose you want to ask me how I was able to make so much money in so little time.
I suppose you want to ask me how I was able to make so much money in so little time.
I thought we had eaten everything in the house, but I found another box of crackers.
I thought we had eaten everything in the house, but I found another box of crackers.
I'm really looking forward to next March, when they roll out the new Play Station 2.
If my wife calls, just tell her I'm in an important meeting and cannot be disturbed.
If my wife calls, just tell her I'm in an important meeting and cannot be disturbed.
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.
New Year's cards provide us with the opportunity to hear from friends and relatives.
New Year's cards provide us with the opportunity to hear from friends and relatives.
Researchers say that it's easier to lose weight if you eat three square meals a day.
She advised him to see the dentist, but he said he didn't have enough time to do so.
She advised him to see the dentist, but he said he didn't have enough time to do so.
She bought him a dog. However, he was allergic to dogs, so they had to give it away.
She bought him a dog. However, he was allergic to dogs, so they had to give it away.
The coach urged his team not to be complacent following their four consecutive wins.
The more guests there are, the more difficult it is to keep a surprise party secret.
The more you look, the more you will see, and the more interesting they will become.
The rainforests are disappearing at the rate of tens of thousands of hectares a day.
Tom and Mary were speaking in French, so I had no idea what they were talking about.
Tom claims he doesn't watch much TV, but he watches more than three hours every day.
Tom hoped that the doctors would tell him that he didn't need the surgery after all.
Tom is usually on time, but there have been times when he's been several hours late.
Tom laughed at some of Mary's jokes, but he thought some of them weren't very funny.
Visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a Japanese house.
Whether you believe it or not, I want to get this thing over with as much as you do.
Whether you believe it or not, I want to get this thing over with as much as you do.
You should always spend time doing things that help your children get ahead in life.
"Let's go to the movies next time." "What makes you think there will be a next time?"
"Let's go to the movies next time." "What makes you think there will be a next time?"
A dance will be held in the school auditorium this Friday evening from 7:30 to 10:00.
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.
All at once, the Buddhist priest burst into laughter, spoiling the solemn atmosphere.
All things considered, I think you should go back home and take care of your parents.
Although our universe is still young, theorists are busy exploring its ultimate fate.
Daddy, let's make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest.
Everybody was obeying the speed limit, so I knew there was likely a speed trap ahead.
He turned the bottle upside down and shook it, but still the honey wouldn't come out.
He was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down.
His health gradually changed for the better after he went to live in the countryside.
I am wondering if you would like to go and see Kabuki with me while staying in Japan.
I finally have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
I hope you know that the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I hope you know that the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I know it's not true, but it definitely seems like the sun revolves around the Earth.
I thought the little boy who was staring and pointing at the foreigner was very rude.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people you have working for you.
I'm reading things like famous novels which have been rewritten in simplified French.
I've heard about it. Your parents disappeared, running out on their debt didn't they?
If people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes, they get nervous and irritable.
If you guys aren't doing anything later, why don't you come over for a cup of coffee?
In any case I just want to make clear that the fact that these are not normal people.
It is important for a nation to have an adequate mix of monetary and fiscal policies.
It turned out that the cards were stacked against her from the beginning of the game.
It was after a meeting in America that he decided to write a book for non-scientists.
It's not always possible to eat well when you're traveling in this part of the world.
It's not always possible to eat well when you're traveling in this part of the world.
Make your airplane reservations early since flights fill up quickly around Christmas.
Many native speakers of Japanese have trouble hearing the difference between B and V.
My father always speaks to me in French and my mother always speaks to me in English.
Never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions you have no respect.
One problem translators face is that sometimes the source document is poorly written.
Our fire alarm sometimes goes off when my mother is cooking something in the kitchen.
Our whole case hinges on whether the government's actions were constitutional or not.
Our whole case hinges on whether the government's actions were constitutional or not.
She spends a pretty good chunk of time just sitting there and looking out the window.
She was able to be ready early this morning, because she finished packing last night.
Some healthcare workers spend more time doing paperwork than taking care of patients.
The antiques my father left when he died turned out to be nothing but worthless junk.
The boss outlined a three-pronged approach to turn the fortune of the company around.
The company, although with some exceptions, usually utilizes its resources very well.
The introduction of foreign plants and animals can cause severe damage to ecosystems.
The less there is to justify a traditional custom, the harder it is to get rid of it.
The loneliness and drabness of working away from people are fatal to his best effort.
There are two kinds of work in the world--head work and hand work; mental and manual.
This movement from rural to urban areas has been going on for over two hundred years.
Unless we find some way to drum up more business, bankruptcy will be our only option.
You should make sure that you have enough money in your pocket to pay for the ticket.
All happy families resemble each other, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
American politics are interesting to watch, especially during a presidential election.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
Don't you want to put in another disc? We've been listening to this one for two hours.
Every person has a psychological need to feel that what he does is of some importance.
Global climatic changes may have been responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Hundreds of people marry each year who have known each other only a few days or weeks.
I can go months without an alcoholic drink, but not even one hour without a cigarette.
I don't need to sound like a native speaker, I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't think that there is any better way to learn English than by living in America.
I don't understand and I'm not used to not understanding. Please explain it once more.
I don't understand and I'm not used to not understanding. Please explain it once more.
I don't understand and I'm not used to not understanding. Please explain it once more.
I guess what I've said isn't all that clear, but that's the only way I can explain it.
I guess what I've said isn't all that clear, but that's the only way I can explain it.
It seems that the policeman in this TV series is a dirty cop who abuses his authority.
It's recommended that you don't write your passwords down where others might see them.
Many, if not most, professional translators only translate into their native language.
Now for my next number, I'd like to play a song for you that I learned from my father.
Opponents say genetically engineered crops can cross-pollinate and damage other crops.
Plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life.
She asked him to give her some money so she could go to a restaurant with her friends.
She asked him to give her some money so she could go to a restaurant with her friends.
Sooner or later, someone is going to have to tell Tom that he needs to behave himself.
The company provides health care and life insurance benefits for all of its employees.
The girl had grown up without any money and when she married she became a spendthrift.
The hardest thing in life is knowing which bridges to cross and which bridges to burn.
The research director had the department do a thorough job in testing the new product.
There's a chance that tap water may contain harmful substances like chlorine and lead.
When a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker, I'm thankful.
When it comes to my supervisor, he's very inconsistent, so we never get any work done.
Whenever I go to a Japanese restaurant, I take the disposable chopsticks home with me.
Why don't we just reformat the hard disk? You've been having a lot of trouble with it.
You could search the world over and never find another woman more beautiful than Mary.
According to a recent study, the average life span of the Japanese is still increasing.
According to this magazine, my favorite actress will marry a jazz musician next spring.
Corporate borrowing from financial institutions is rising due to the low interest rate.
Governments usually resort to price control when inflation has reached a certain level.
He can't tell a cherry tree from a plum tree, but he can name them in twelve languages.
He does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players.
He was making a speech, but he abruptly stopped speaking when he heard a strange noise.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker and I don't really think I need to.
I don't think I've ever done anything that would cause my parents to want to punish me.
I never for a moment imagined that I would still be doing this kind of thing at my age.
I never for a moment imagined that I would still be doing this kind of thing at my age.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll ever get any help from the national government.
I would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
If there is nothing near them that needs doing, they are sure to go and find something.
If we don't have a solution, the least we can do is acknowledge that there's a problem.
In Japan, we still sometimes see someone use an abacus, but not as often as we used to.
Last night, we heard sounds of gunshots and screaming on the street outside our window.
The eating of delicious food is one of the most intense and poignant pleasures of life.
The first time you meet people, you should be careful about how near you stand to them.
The first time you meet people, you should be careful about how near you stand to them.
The first time you meet people, you should be careful about how near you stand to them.
The first time you meet people, you should be careful about how near you stand to them.
The first time you meet people, you should be careful about how near you stand to them.
The first time you meet people, you should be careful about how near you stand to them.
To become a professional banjo player, you need to spend thousands of hours practicing.
Tom put his ear to the door in an effort to overhear what Mary was saying on the phone.
Tom was charged with drunken driving after he was involved in a car accident in Boston.
Tom's the kind of person who calls a spade a spade and a lot of people don't like that.
Would you mind leaving the room for a few minutes so I can ask your son some questions?
Amnesty International often organizes public protests in support of political prisoners.
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
I had to change clothes because what I was wearing wasn't appropriate for the situation.
I haven't eaten anything unusual since I've returned home from my trip around the world.
I hope all but one of your dreams come true, so you always have something to strive for.
I said all along that he was not a person to be trusted, but you would not listen to me.
I saw many people who had no clothes and I saw many clothes which had no people in them.
I used to think that only bears hibernate, but the teacher said that turtles do as well.
Laughter is like a windshield wiper. It can't stop the rain, but it lets you move ahead.
The Catholic Bible contains everything in the Protestant Bible plus several other books.
The U.S. Secretary of State is trying to broker a ceasefire between the warring parties.
These three hours of driving have worn me out. Let's stop at the first rest area we see.
Tom got out of the bathtub and dried himself with the new towel that Mary had given him.
Tom shaved off his beard and dyed his hair blonde, hoping people wouldn't recognize him.
What surprised me most about that accident is how fast the lawyers arrived on the scene.
You may not be in the mood to hear this now, but I need to tell you something important.
You only really need to sound exactly like a native speaker if you want to become a spy.
Almost the only time a fat man loses his temper is when he has been deprived of his food.
An anonymous benefactor bequeathed several hundred thousand dollars to an animal shelter.
Because of modern communication and transportation systems, the world is getting smaller.
He has a reputation as being straight as an arrow. He'd never get involved in corruption.
I got together with her mainly because we seemed to share the same feelings about things.
I shoot the rabbits in my garden with a squirt gun to keep them away from the vegetables.
I'm getting little pimples on my face. I wonder if I've been getting enough sleep lately.
If farmers don't make a decent living growing peanuts, they will try growing other crops.
If the university doesn't have enough students, the administration will cancel the class.
It's very unlikely that a serious art collector would ever buy anything from that source.
People say that I dream every night, but if I do, I can't ever remember any of my dreams.
Please don't make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
Since I have no children, I have more time to spend doing volunteer work than parents do.
The government will provide interest-free loans to firms that participate in the program.
The poor acoustics in the hall severely affected the audience's enjoyment of the concert.
They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not really true.
Tom certainly had a point when he said we should allow more time to complete the project.
Tom killed Mary because he found out she had started the fire that had killed his family.
Tom killed Mary because he found out she had started the fire that had killed his family.
Tom killed Mary because he found out she had started the fire that had killed his family.
"Everything accomplished starts with the dream of it," is a saying we all know to be true.
"Why have you started learning to play the piano?" "Because I want to be a music teacher."
Although most islands in the ocean have been mapped, the ocean floor is generally unknown.
Bodybuilding is his hobby so he has a very firm tight body with lots of muscle definition.
He promised to bring new industries to the region, but politicians rarely keep their word.
I always thought that a stroke was one of nature's ways to tell you that it's time to die.
I am staying with my uncle for the time being, but later I will move to a small apartment.
I began driving our tractor when I was 12 years old to help my father out at harvest time.
I know some of you want to go back to the way things were, but that's not going to happen.
I know some of you want to go back to the way things were, but that's not going to happen.
I know some of you want to go back to the way things were, but that's not going to happen.
I know some of you want to go back to the way things were, but that's not going to happen.
I'm a non-native speaker of English and realize there is a lot that I still need to learn.
If Cleopatra's nose had been shorter, the whole face of the world would have been changed.
Most of the time, he doesn't get to sleep before two or even three o'clock in the morning.
One out of 455 women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy.
She took advantage of our hospitality and stayed a whole month without paying us anything.
Sorry, but it all came about so suddenly that I haven't got a handle on the situation yet.
The man who is constantly making decisions and being compelled to alter them gets nowhere.
The police told the demonstrators that they'd be arrested if they didn't move immediately.
To improve your fluency, you should try speaking with native speakers as often as you can.
To reduce misunderstandings we should learn the techniques for communicating successfully.
Tom doesn't like Mary. However, she doesn't particularly care whether he likes her or not.
Tom has enough money to buy any computer in this store. He just needs to decide which one.
Tom stole Mary's phone and took a bunch of selfies before sneaking it back into her purse.
When Tom was a kid, he became obsessed with the girl who lived across the street from him.
You're the only person I know besides me who is actually interested in this kind of thing.
You're the only person I know who doesn't take some kind of medicine at least once a week.
A study found that almost 10% of men were obese in 2008. That was up from about 5% in 1980.
All of your accusations are without foundation. She's innocent and we're going to prove it.
As a rule, I prefer people who deal with matters of this kind directly with those involved.
At the party, one of his political opponents humiliated him in the presence of many guests.
Don't come to me now with that. You should have said something when it originally happened.
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they are always there.
He is likely to have a book and a cracker at his meals--and then forget to eat the cracker!
I like this picture, not just because it is famous, but because it really is a masterpiece.
I suggest you have a native speaker read over your report to make sure there are no errors.
I'd like to ask you a question, but if this is a bad time, I can come back at another time.
I'd like to ask you a question, but if this is a bad time, I can come back at another time.
The best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.
The important point to note is that both parties offered similar solutions to this problem.
The rabbit stood in the middle of the road, mesmerized by the lights of the oncoming truck.
There were many things that needed my attention, so I didn't get home until after midnight.
There were many things that we wanted to do, but we never got around to doing many of them.
There were many things that we wanted to do, but we never got around to doing many of them.
This figure is supposed to represent Marilyn Monroe, but I don't think it does her justice.
67% of those who never smoked said they worried about the health effects of passive smoking.
"When poverty comes in the door, love flies out the window" is a saying as old as it is sad.
A "renovator's dream" in real estate parlance generally means that the place is a real dump.
A slightly lower interest rate could save thousands of dollars over the life of a home loan.
According to legend, ghosts would appear in that forest, so people would not set foot there.
After I graduated from college, I moved back home and lived with my parents for three years.
After I graduated from college, I moved back home and lived with my parents for three years.
Children often want to do things that are dangerous without knowing that they are dangerous.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
He writes a daily journal, and that inspired me to try doing the same thing, but in English.
It should be stressed that we are often influenced by advertising without being aware of it.
My sister will have been studying English for ten years when she graduates from her college.
Numbers that can be expressed as fractions of two whole numbers are called rational numbers.
She asked him to help her father clean the garage, but he said that he was too busy to help.
She asked him to help her father clean the garage, but he said that he was too busy to help.
The bank rate cut is expected to relieve the severe financial squeeze that has hit industry.
The cat was lying stretched out at full length in the sunlight streaming through the window.
Tom began reading that book three weeks ago and he still has only read less than half of it.
When we started out, we realized that if we didn't have a good product, we wouldn't succeed.
You probably eat genetically modified fruits and vegetables all the time without knowing it.
A little knowledge of Spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to Mexico enjoyable.
After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.
Certainly he is handsome and intelligent, but there is something about him that I can't like.
I just want to let you know that I think you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I never thought this rubber band would come in handy when I put it in my pocket this morning.
Right now, we have blueberries, blackberries, cherries, strawberries, peaches and nectarines.
Rwandan rebels are pushing their offensive south as fighting continues in the capital Kigali.
Since this is your neck of the woods, maybe you can tell us where to find a good pizza joint.
Since this is your neck of the woods, maybe you can tell us where to find a good pizza joint.
The man in charge of the merry-go-round decided to make sure everything was working properly.
The only thing that matters is whether or not your teacher thinks your report is good enough.
The only thing that matters is whether or not your teacher thinks your report is good enough.
To laugh at everything that is done or said is stupid, but not to laugh is even more foolish.
Tom insisted he hadn't been drinking, but his slurred speech and unsteady gait gave him away.
Tom wondered what Mary would say if she knew he had spent the past week in Boston with Alice.
We keep our most interesting thoughts and the most interesting side of ourselves hidden away.
When we started out, our band could only find small clubs in small cities that would hire us.
A business cycle is a recurring succession of periods of prosperity and periods of depression.
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.
Bear in mind that, under such circumstances, we have no alternative but to find another buyer.
By the end of the century, the earth will have experienced a dramatic increase in temperature.
I can't help but feel that if we had gotten to know each other better, we'd have been friends.
I can't help but feel that if we had gotten to know each other better, we'd have been friends.
I realize that this may sound crazy, but I think I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
I realize that this may sound crazy, but I think I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
I still have a scar on my left leg from a car accident I was in when I was thirteen years old.
I tried explaining the algebra homework to him, but it just went in one ear and out the other.
If camping doesn't float your boat, then you probably don't want to spend the weekend with us.
If we were supposed to talk more than listen, we would have been given two mouths and one ear.
If you want to lose weight, the best thing to do is to eat properly and get a lot of exercise.
In conversation, one is likely to find out certain things about the other person quite easily.
In the United States, it takes a minimum of eight years of college to become a medical doctor.
It looks like the question was too easy for you. Next time, I'll have to make it a bit harder.
It's my fault that the cake was burned. I was talking on the phone and didn't notice the time.
No person achieves success or happiness when compelled to do what he naturally dislikes to do.
The data cited in King's research is taken from UNESCO's 1970 white paper on world population.
The wizened, old sorcerer took me under his wing and taught me everything he knew about magic.
There's nothing more annoying than a group of young girls all trying to talk at the same time.
There's nothing more annoying than a group of young girls all trying to talk at the same time.
We very often only come to appreciate someone or our relationship with them when we lose them.
When you meet someone for the first time, be careful about how close you stand to that person.
When you meet someone for the first time, be careful about how close you stand to that person.
When you meet someone for the first time, be careful about how close you stand to that person.
When you meet someone for the first time, be careful about how close you stand to that person.
When you meet someone for the first time, be careful about how close you stand to that person.
When you meet someone for the first time, be careful about how close you stand to that person.
You don't know until you've had a child what pain you can feel when something happens to them.
A motel is like a hotel only much smaller and is used mostly by people traveling by automobile.
As soon as I can get my son to scan our family photos, I'll upload some of them to our website.
For some reason, people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since I got back from India.
For some reason, people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since I got back from India.
I think that Tom and only Tom can do it. However, some people think that Mary could do it, too.
It's customary for waiters and waitresses to introduce themselves using only their first names.
Mary likes to wear clothes with vertical stripes, because she heard they make you look thinner.
Professional translators quite often specialize in just one field, for example law or medicine.
The U.S. Department of Health says people should exercise at least two and a half hours a week.
The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.
Tom did not want to throw anything away because he thought that he might need it in the future.
We have considered your proposal, and we have decided that we are not able to reduce the price.
We humans have a great way of twisting facts to fit our conclusion as soon as we have made one.
What is considered impolite in one language may not be considered impolite in another language.
When out at sea, to keep the fish that is caught from spoiling, it is immediately refrigerated.
Acidification of the ocean will, in time, threaten the very existence of the Great Barrier Reef.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
I thought a bunch of people would go water skiing with us, but absolutely no one else showed up.
I thought doing this would be easy, but we've been working all day and we're still not finished.
It's not uncommon for people to give fake personal information when registering to use websites.
Most of the plain, simple, everyday things he desires can be secured by people of average means.
Mozart wrote brilliant, complex musical compositions as easily as you or I would write a letter.
People can begin to love when they choose, but they have no choice when it comes to ending love.
She would often bring home table scraps from the restaurant where she worked to feed to her dog.
Since I haven't received an answer, I was wondering if maybe my mail never got delivered to you.
To have more than one problem before him at one time makes him irritable, upset and exasperated.
You will receive a confirmation email after your account has been activated by an administrator.
Blood spatter analysis plays an important role in determining what has happened at a crime scene.
Carbon monoxide is a poisonous substance formed by the incomplete combustion of carbon compounds.
Culture plays a dynamic role in shaping an individual's character, attitude, and outlook on life.
Fewer and fewer people are working to support more and more people living on government benefits.
Hackers were able to break into the company's computer system and undermine its network security.
He is usually straightforward and sincere and thereby gains the confidence of those who meet him.
I have a lot to do today, so if you don't mind, I'd like to have this discussion at another time.
I have a lot to do today, so if you don't mind, I'd like to have this discussion at another time.
I have no strong opinion about the matter, so whatever the majority thinks is good is OK with me.
I tried to explain to him that we were not responsible for his mistake, but he refused to listen.
If you calculate the electric field using this equation, the result comes out like the following.
If you want to achieve the kind of success that I think you do, then you'll have to study harder.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Apart from a filing tray full of papers on the desk, everything else in the room was on the floor.
From personal experience, I know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
From personal experience, I know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
From personal experience, I know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
He had gone there to help garbage workers strike peacefully for better pay and working conditions.
I heard that one way to stay healthy is to avoid eating any food with unpronounceable ingredients.
I think it's unlikely that the next version of Windows will come out before the end of this month.
I wasn't really doing much of anything, so I decided it'd be a good idea to walk down to the cafe.
I've kept my weight down even though many of my friends have gained weight as they've grown older.
Sooner or later, every parent has to have a talk with their children about the birds and the bees.
Tom told Mary that he thought a hippopotamus could run at a speed of about 30 kilometers per hour.
When your friends begin to flatter you on how young you look, it's a sure sign you're getting old.
You know that your English is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your English is.
Chinese officials say economic growth has dropped to a three-year low because of the world economy.
Girls begin puberty around the ages of ten to eleven, and boys around the ages of eleven to twelve.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility of other alternatives.
I told you not to play your cello late at night, but you did and now the neighbors have complained.
I'm begging you. Don't make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
If you were a spy trying to pass as a native speaker and said it that way, you'd likely get caught.
It never occurred to me to take a picture of how the garden looked before we started pulling weeds.
No matter how busy Tom gets, he never forgets to write an email to his mother at least once a week.
Since in this organization they're all chiefs and no Indians, it's a wonder any decisions get made.
Some people clung to tree branches for several hours to avoid being washed away by the floodwaters.
The handyman was supposed to arrive at twelve noon, but got stuck in a traffic jam for a few hours.
The press has been hounding the president nonstop about reneging on his promise not to raise taxes.
Tom did everything within his power to save the children that were trapped in the burning building.
You can accelerate as much as you want, but since the car's in neutral, we won't be going anywhere.
You will never get far without the co-operation, confidence and comradeship of other men and women.
A high proportion of crime in any country is perpetrated by young males in their teens and twenties.
Despite the government's protection, he was the victim of an assassination attempt which killed him.
Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I know because I've done it thousands of times.
He insists on things being done in the most efficient way and he usually does them that way himself.
I think it's unlikely that aliens similar to what we see in the movies have ever visited our planet.
If you spend too much time in the sun without putting on sunscreen, you are likely to get a sunburn.
If you spend too much time in the sun without putting on sunscreen, you are likely to get a sunburn.
If you spend too much time in the sun without putting on sunscreen, you are likely to get a sunburn.
The bank had the gall to charge a late fee for a payment held up when their online services crashed.
There have been a lot of complaints from consumers that our products don't last as long as we claim.
Unless you started learning English as a child, you're unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker.
You get tired of a beautiful woman after three days. You get used to an ugly woman after three days.
As an Englishman, he is particularly sensitive to the differences between English and American usage.
Before I get out of bed, I spend a little time thinking about what I'll be doing the rest of the day.
From the position of the wounds on the body, the police could tell that the attacker was left-handed.
I know it doesn't look like it, but I've actually gotten rid of a lot of stuff out of the spare room.
I looked in my closet for something to wear, but couldn't find anything appropriate for the occasion.
If you're tired of arguing with strangers on the Internet, try talking with one of them in real life.
She advised him to take a long holiday, so he immediately quit work and took a trip around the world.
She advised him to take a long holiday, so he immediately quit work and took a trip around the world.
The natives of the North-West Pacific Coast of America were probably descendants of tribes from Asia.
"If you're tired, why don't you go to sleep?" "Because if I go to sleep now I will wake up too early."
"Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates and one long-stemmed rose for her birthday." "That's really sweet."
Every student of biology, anatomy, anthropology, ethnology or psychology is familiar with these facts.
Visible from space, the Great Barrier Reef is the largest structure on Earth made by living organisms.
When you watch television or listen to the radio, the music which you hear is often African in origin.
You say I should know him quite well, but as a matter of fact, I was introduced to him only last week.
You should make sure that you get there on time. Tom won't wait more than ten minutes if you are late.
After the hatchet job my boss did on my proposal, I'm not sure how long I want to keep on working here.
Another interesting source of energy is the heat that can be recovered from radioactive waste material.
Disconnect the power cable from the modem, wait for approximately one minute, then reconnect the cable.
Disconnect the power cable from the modem, wait for approximately one minute, then reconnect the cable.
I never see a library without wishing I had time to go there and stay till I had read everything in it.
Next time I switch jobs, I need work that will let me make use of the experience I've gained up to now.
The body and the mind of man are so closely bound together that whatever affects one affects the other.
When I visited my hometown this summer, I found the city different from what it had been ten years ago.
Between meals, he usually manages to stow away a generous supply of candy, ice cream, popcorn and fruit.
Poverty does more to bring out the worst in people and conceal the best than anything else in the world.
Some people think that it is difficult for a native speaker of English to learn Chinese, but I disagree.
The world's greatest singers and most of its famous musicians have been fat or at least decidedly plump.
Tom thinks he knows how much money Mary makes, but Mary makes quite a bit more than Tom thinks she does.
When I got out of prison, I couldn't find a job anywhere near my home since no one would hire an ex-con.
A lot of people would like to become famous. However, a lot of famous people wish they weren't so famous.
During hard times, people might not go on a trip, but they might be willing to pay extra for good coffee.
Her sewing basket, dresser drawers and pantry shelves are all systematically arranged in apple-pie order.
I'd love to be a fly on the wall at the meeting of the senior executives about the future of the company.
My friend likes to live in the city, but his wife prefers to live in their little cottage in the country.
Since there are rice paddies near my house, I often hear frogs croaking all night long this time of year.
Some superstitious people in America believe that if a black cat crosses your path, you'll have bad luck.
Thomas A. Edison so loves his work that he sleeps an average of less than four hours of each twenty-four.
What's important isn't which university you've graduated from, but what you learned while you were there.
It's a lot of trouble to write my name, because it takes 50 strokes to write both my first and last names.
Last year, I spent so much time by myself that I almost forgot how to communicate effectively with others.
Nothing will determine our success as a nation in the 21st century more than how well we educate our kids.
Tom wondered if Mary would think that eight in the morning was too early for him to open a bottle of wine.
We can argue about how to best achieve these goals, but we can't be complacent about the goals themselves.
We still have more than halfway to go to get to the top of the mountain. Are you really already exhausted?
We still have more than halfway to go to get to the top of the mountain. Are you really already exhausted?
We still have more than halfway to go to get to the top of the mountain. Are you really already exhausted?
We still have more than halfway to go to get to the top of the mountain. Are you really already exhausted?
When I woke up today, I yawned, stretched, rubbed the sleep out of my eyes, and put on a pair of slippers.
Cats are like girls. If they talk to you it's great, but if you try to talk to them, it doesn't go so well.
He got tired of being the devil's advocate and now agrees with every idea they suggest, no matter how dumb.
Incidentally, this room doesn't have anything like an air conditioner. All it has is a hand-held paper fan.
Providing energy to the poor without destroying the planet any further is this century's biggest challenge.
We're gonna make sure that no one is taking advantage of the American people for their own short-term gain.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for the rest of his life.
Tom is respected in the business community because he is always fair and square in his dealings with others.
Tom told me that Mary was good at playing the piano, but I didn't really believe him until I heard her play.
We can't leave our tents on the beach where they are now. If we do, they'll be under water during high tide.
I know it's kind of late, but would you mind if I came over now? I have something I need to discuss with you.
I know it's kind of late, but would you mind if I came over now? I have something I need to discuss with you.
If you are a parent, don't allow yourself to set your heart on any particular line of work for your children.
If you had to go live on a deserted island and could only take one book with you, which one would you choose?
If you want this marriage to work, you need to choose between spending time with me and working all the time.
The best thing about working in a team is that, when something goes wrong, you can always blame someone else.
A person will have the face of an angel when borrowing something, but the face of the devil when returning it.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility that there's another explanation.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility that there's another explanation.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility that there's another explanation.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility that there's another explanation.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility that there's another explanation.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility that there's another explanation.
I honestly think it's better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
President Barack Obama praised Poland as an example for aspiring democracies in the Middle East and elsewhere.
From the moment he arrived there, he kept on bothering his doctor to tell him when he would be able to go home.
I realize I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope you'll consider going out with me.
I realize I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope you'll consider going out with me.
People often lie about what they did on the weekend, so their friends won't realize how boring they really are.
The police suspected there was a connection between the abandoned car and the dead body found three miles away.
The questions came fast and furious from the large number of reporters who had gathered outside the courthouse.
A few people mentioned they would like to attend some sessions later in the day on the Technical Session Agenda.
Consider the successes that have been achieved by tired, discouraged people who decided to give it one more try.
Consider the successes that have been achieved by tired, discouraged people who decided to give it one more try.
I know that it is highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me, but I still need to ask at least once.
The man who makes but one mistake a year because he makes but two decisions is wrong fifty per cent of the time.
I know you're upset about your car being totaled, but you weren't injured and you should be thankful to be alive.
I sometimes wish I could live a quiet retired sort of life but I doubt I could stand it for more than a few days.
Did you know that in Japan, if you have a tattoo, you won't be allowed to bathe in many of the hot spring resorts?
He is inclined to look at everything from the standpoint of its practicality and is neither stingy nor extravagant.
Someone told me that Albert Einstein said, "Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen."
Every time I make a mistake, I learn something. The challenge is not to keep making the same mistakes over and over.
Getting your message across is much more important than trying to say it exactly like a native speaker would say it.
I felt bad, so I was admitted into the hospital. However, it turned out that there was nothing really wrong with me.
Not long ago we heard a father say in the presence of his large family, "I don't want any of my boys to be lawyers."
Notice the hands of the people you meet and you will be surprised to see how different and how interesting they are.
Over 100 tons of dust and sand-sized particles bombard the earth every day from space, most of which goes unnoticed.
The police drew an outline of a body at the scene of the crime to indicate how the body was lying when it was found.
This is a time of year when people get together with family and friends to observe Passover and to celebrate Easter.
A man touched down on the moon. A wall came down in Berlin. A world was connected by our own science and imagination.
Charles Moore created Forth in an attempt to increase programmer productivity without sacrificing machine efficiency.
Every student who has graduated from our university has studied English with a native speaker for at least two years.
If you don't want to put on sunscreen, that's your problem. Just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn.
Nobody has asked you to agree, but can't you at least accept that there are people who hold different views from you?
Nobody has asked you to agree, but can't you at least accept that there are people who hold different views from you?
The people crowded round the injured man, but they made way for the doctor when he reached the scene of the accident.
A chance to do as we please, especially to do as little hard work as possible, is a secret desire of almost everybody.
Even though computer programmers may use semicolons every day, nowadays most people only use semicolons for emoticons.
I had never eaten any kind of Thai food, so I was pretty excited about going to a Thai restaurant with my grandmother.
Since I've been on this diet, my weight is down, my cholesterol is down and my sleep apnea has completely disappeared.
"When does your sister come back from work?" "I don't know, but I think she'll arrive at home a few minutes before me."
Never choose a vocation just because your friends are in it, nor refuse another just because your worst enemy is in it.
When we hear of a divorce we assume that it was caused by the inability of those two people to agree upon fundamentals.
A friend I went with on our first trip abroad had his wallet pickpocketed. I don't think it left a very good impression.
Even now, I occasionally think I'd like to see you. Not the you that you are today, but the you I remember from the past.
Police are urging people not to pick up hitchhikers as they search for two prisoners on the run after escaping from jail.
We should spend our time creating content for our website rather than wasting time worrying about minor cosmetic details.
A lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
For the crime of first degree murder, this court hereby sentences you to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
It's very easy to sound natural in your own native language, and very easy to sound unnatural in your non-native language.
The difference between the right word and almost the right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
The difference between the right word and almost the right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
If you don't eat breakfast, you'll probably be hungry during the morning and won't be as efficient at work as you could be.
If you don't eat breakfast, you'll probably be hungry during the morning and won't be as efficient at work as you could be.
I used to watch this anime a lot when I was a kid, but I can't quite remember what happened to the hero in the final episode.
The English language is undoubtedly the easiest and at the same time the most efficient means of international communication.
According to the contract you may take three days of bereavement leave for your uncle's funeral, but only one for your nephew's.
According to the contract you may take three days of bereavement leave for your uncle's funeral, but only one for your nephew's.
According to the contract you may take three days of bereavement leave for your uncle's funeral, but only one for your nephew's.
Food prices are at their highest level since the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization began keeping records in 1990.
If one has the right to live, then one should also have the right to die. If not, then living is not a right, but an obligation.
It was bad enough that he usually came to work late, but coming in drunk was the last straw, and I'm going to have to let him go.
The teacher supervising the playground became concerned when she saw a man talking to some of the children over the school fence.
Cities and provinces along the Yangtze River in central China are grappling with the country's worst drought in more than 50 years.
That proposal may be a way to kill two birds with one stone, but we also have to be careful not to get greedy and spoil everything.
A committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but who, as a group, can meet and decide that nothing can be done.
One of the best ways to help us is to translate from a foreign language you know into your own native language or strongest language.
Since it will be cold soon, it might be nice to enjoy doing something outdoors the final few warm days we have before winter sets in.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car, but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
One way to lower the number of errors in the Tatoeba Corpus would be to encourage people to only translate into their native languages.
What is old age? First you forget names, then you forget faces, then you forget to pull your zipper up, then you forget to pull it down.
What is old age? First you forget names, then you forget faces, then you forget to pull your zipper up, then you forget to pull it down.
He and I have a near-telepathic understanding of each other. No sooner does one of us say something than the other is already responding.
Although rainforests make up only two percent of the earth's surface, over half the world's wild plant, animal and insect species live there.
If you translate from your second language into your own native language, rather than the other way around, you're less likely to make mistakes.
I love trying out new things, so I always buy products as soon as they hit the store shelves. Of course, half the time I end up wishing I hadn't.
A good theory is characterized by the fact that it makes a number of predictions that could in principle be disproved or falsified by observation.
The more time you spend speaking a foreign language, the better you get at guessing what non-native speakers are trying to say in your own language.
The enquiry concluded that, despite his denials, the chief executive would have had to have known about the illegal practices occurring in the company.
You may not learn to speak as well as a native speaker, but you should be able to speak well enough that native speakers will understand what you have to say.
And the good news is that today the economy is growing again. Wages, incomes, home values and retirement accounts are all rising again. Poverty is falling again.
E-cigarettes are being promoted as a healthy alternative to tobacco cigarettes, but health authorities are concerned about the long-term health effects on users.
It's still too hard to find a job. And even if you have a job, chances are you're having a tougher time paying the rising costs of everything from groceries to gas.
Even at the end of the nineteenth century, sailors in the British Navy were not permitted to use knives and forks because using them was considered a sign of weakness.
Five tremors in excess of magnitude 5.0 on the Richter scale have shaken Japan just this week, but scientists are warning that the largest expected aftershock has yet to hit.
No matter how much you try to convince people that chocolate is vanilla, it'll still be chocolate, even though you may manage to convince yourself and a few others that it's vanilla.
We need to uphold laws against discrimination — in hiring, and in housing, and in education, and in the criminal justice system. That is what our Constitution and highest ideals require.
A child who is a native speaker usually knows many things about his or her language that a non-native speaker who has been studying for years still does not know and perhaps will never know.
There are four main causes of alcohol-related death. Injury from car accidents or violence is one. Diseases like cirrhosis of the liver, cancer, heart and blood system diseases are the others.
"Top-down economics never works," said Obama. "The country does not succeed when just those at the very top are doing well. We succeed when the middle class gets bigger, when it feels greater security."
A carbon footprint is the amount of carbon dioxide pollution that we produce as a result of our activities. Some people try to reduce their carbon footprint because they are concerned about climate change.
Death is something that we're often discouraged to talk about or even think about, but I've realized that preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do. Thinking about death clarifies your life.
Since there are usually multiple websites on any given topic, I usually just click the back button when I arrive on any webpage that has pop-up advertising. I just go to the next page found by Google and hope for something less irritating.
If someone who doesn't know your background says that you sound like a native speaker, it means they probably noticed something about your speaking that made them realize you weren't a native speaker. In other words, you don't really sound like a native speaker.